The goal with each of these scripts is that they will only differ by a few inputs at the heading. The idea is to create pictures for creating a video for different properties at different view angles. There are a ton of things that could be changed/improved for these scripts as the applications can vary so much for a given scenario.

Specifically, I was trying to look at how temperature and velocity changed in the domain, including viewing the velocity as glyphs. I wanted a view from the top and side as well as a tipped view. But these need improved in that there are multiple better comparisons. For example, they currently change the legends at every timestep, which is handy to get an idea of how values change. But better would be to have a set legend for all timesteps, which is tricky to set depending on how the legend changes for a given simulation. Also, the glyphs get in the way of each other and it is tricky to change it, which is why I want to create a threshold separator value for each layer and assign each layer a differing number of glyphs to make it easier to view. In addition, taking slices through the domain is tough because, which slices are best? Do the views change at each step? Finally, it is hard to see the glyphs at a single angle. It might be best to create a ton of views where the camera moves around the object in circles and differing heights at every timestep.

As explained before, the requirements for the scripts changes for each given scenario. In the end, it will probably be best to open paraview and move around and check it all out without any scripts, just to see what you are up against and what is interesting. Then adjust the scripts accordingly, maybe adding in more functionality.

Now, paraview has the ability to create videos instead of pictures, but I find the pictures better since there is more control. I can adjust the scale to be more than a single thing throughout the animation. Plus, I can add headings and cut down the pictures to nice sizes to improve being able to see more detail in a single image. This is done by using R scripts to change picture filenames, clip pictures, and add headings.

Alternatively, certain pictures can be made with paraview, then clipped with paint. Finally, they are opened in powerpoint to make the outer color transparent before getting used in sketchup to create google earth kmz files. This whole process needs improved, and I believe that the only scripts for creating these pictures are currently xml files.

